third_party/settings_ui/README.md, before:

# Settings UI

## Installing

1. Add the dependency in your `pubspec.yaml` file.

```yaml  
dependencies:  
  settings_ui:
    path: "../../libs/settings_ui"
```

2. Import the `settings_ui` package.

```dart  
import 'package:settings_ui/settings_ui.dart';
```  

## Basic Usage

```dart  
    SettingsList(
      sections: [
        SettingsSection(
          title: Text('Common'),
          tiles: <SettingsTile>[
            SettingsTile.navigation(
              leading: Icon(Icons.language),
              title: Text('Language'),
              value: Text('English'),
            ),
            SettingsTile.switchTile(
              onToggle: (value) {},
              initialValue: true,
              leading: Icon(Icons.format_paint),
              title: Text('Enable custom theme'),
            ),
          ],
        ),
      ],
    ),
```  

## Settings List

Settings list it's a wrapper for your settings UI.

### Parameters

| Parameter | Description | Required |
|--|--|--|
| List\<AbstractSettingsSection> sections | The list of your settings sections | +
| bool shrinkWrap | Enable/disable the shrink wrap for the list | -
| ScrollPhysics physics | Setup your custom scroll physics | -
| DevicePlatform platform | Chose the platform view you prefer | -
| SettingsThemeData lightTheme | Setup your light theme | -
| SettingsThemeData darkTheme | Setup your dark theme | -
| Brightness brightness | Overwrite the brightness you want | -
| EdgeInsetsGeometry contentPadding | Set custom paddings | -
| ApplicationType applicationType | Setup the application type you use: the material for MaterialApp, the cupertino for CupertinoApp, and the `both`, if you running the MaterialApp and the CupertinoApp depending on the device's OC | -

## Settings Section

The Setting section is the block of your settings tiles located in your `SettingsList`.

### Implementations

| Type | Description |
|--|--|
| AbstractSettingsSection | An abstract entity. Just an OOP's thing (so you can expand it yourself) |
| CustomSettingsSection | You asked a lot. We implemented this for you. Now you can put anything you want as a child inside this custom section. Just paste the image of your cat or the weather widget inside the `SettingsList`. Feel free and enjoy |
| SettingsSection | The default section widget, contains `Widget title`, `EdgeInsetsDirectional margin` and the required list of `AbstractSettingsTile` we called `tiles` |

## Settings Tile

Here it is. The section tile. It displays the elements you want to show.

| Type | Description |
|--|--|
| AbstractSettingsTile | One more OOP's thing (so you can expand it yourself) |
| CustomSettingsTile | The main idea is the same as for the `CustomSettingsSection`. You can put anything as a child inside your `SettingsSection`.
| SettingsTile | I think that we need to discuss this deeper. See below for the details.

### Settings tile

The implementation of `AbstractSettingsTile`. It has a lot of fabric methods and parameters. Let's
take a look.

| Constructor / Fabric method | Description |
|--|--|
| SettingsTile | Displays the default setting tile. Nothing special. |
| SettingsTile.navigation | Created to indicate this tile as a navigation tile. It adds a right-located arrow for the iOS design as an example.
| SettingsTile.switchTile | Creates a switch tile. Do you want some switch? Just use this one. |

#### Now let's deal with all these parameters

| Parameter | Description |
|--|--|
| Widget leading | Adds some leading for your tile. Just like with the `ListTile`. |
| Widget trailing | Adds some trailing for your tile. Just like with the `ListTile`. |
| Widget title | The title of your tile.|
| Widget description | Additional info about this tile. Displays different ways according to the platform
| Function(BuildContext context) onPressed | More interactivity for your tiles. Just tap it.
| Color activeSwitchColor | Set the switch color for your `SettingsTile.switchTile`
| Widget value | Just like the `description` but more declarative. You can compare and choose which exactly you want to use.
| Function(bool value) onToggle | Override the on switch event in your `SettingsTile.switchTile`
| bool initialValue | Choose the initial value for your `SettingsTile.switchTile`
| bool enabled | Mark your tile as disabled. It's pretty easy!

Commit message:

refactor(settings_ui): restructure with design system architecture
Reorganize settings_ui components using three design systems instead of platform-specific implementations:
- Material Design: Android, Linux, Web, Fuchsia
- Cupertino Design: iOS, macOS
- Fluent Design: Windows

Changes:
- Add abstract base classes for list, section, and tile with full interfaces
- Rename platform implementations to design system names (material, cupertino, fluent)
- Create platform implementations for SettingsList
- Remove CustomSettingsSection and CustomSettingsTile (unused pass-through widgets)
- Update exports and documentation

Architecture now follows: abstract_{component} → {design}_{component} → {component}

All platform tiles now properly extend AbstractSettingsTile (except CupertinoSettingsTile which remains StatefulWidget for animation state).

third_party/settings_ui/README.md, after:

# Settings UI

## Installing

1. Add the dependency in your `pubspec.yaml` file.

```yaml  
dependencies:  
  settings_ui:
    path: "../../libs/settings_ui"
```

2. Import the `settings_ui` package.

```dart  
import 'package:settings_ui/settings_ui.dart';
```  

## Basic Usage

```dart  
    SettingsList(
      sections: [
        SettingsSection(
          title: Text('Common'),
          tiles: <SettingsTile>[
            SettingsTile.navigation(
              leading: Icon(Icons.language),
              title: Text('Language'),
              value: Text('English'),
            ),
            SettingsTile.switchTile(
              onToggle: (value) {},
              initialValue: true,
              leading: Icon(Icons.format_paint),
              title: Text('Enable custom theme'),
            ),
          ],
        ),
      ],
    ),
```  

## Settings List

Settings list it's a wrapper for your settings UI.

### Parameters

| Parameter | Description | Required |
|--|--|--|
| List\<AbstractSettingsSection> sections | The list of your settings sections | +
| bool shrinkWrap | Enable/disable the shrink wrap for the list | -
| ScrollPhysics physics | Setup your custom scroll physics | -
| DevicePlatform platform | Chose the platform view you prefer | -
| SettingsThemeData lightTheme | Setup your light theme | -
| SettingsThemeData darkTheme | Setup your dark theme | -
| Brightness brightness | Overwrite the brightness you want | -
| EdgeInsetsGeometry contentPadding | Set custom paddings | -
| ApplicationType applicationType | Setup the application type you use: the material for MaterialApp, the cupertino for CupertinoApp, and the `both`, if you running the MaterialApp and the CupertinoApp depending on the device's OC | -

## Settings Section

The Setting section is the block of your settings tiles located in your `SettingsList`.

### Implementations

| Type | Description |
|--|--|
| AbstractSettingsSection | An abstract base class with full interface (tiles, margin, title). Platform implementations extend this. |
| SettingsSection | The default section widget that delegates to platform-specific implementations (Android, iOS, Web) |

## Settings Tile

Here it is. The section tile. It displays the elements you want to show.

| Type | Description |
|--|--|
| AbstractSettingsTile | An abstract base class with full interface (title, leading, trailing, etc.). Platform implementations extend this. |
| SettingsTile | The default tile widget that delegates to platform-specific implementations. See below for details. |

### Settings tile

The implementation of `AbstractSettingsTile`. It has a lot of fabric methods and parameters. Let's
take a look.

| Constructor / Fabric method | Description |
|--|--|
| SettingsTile | Displays the default setting tile. Nothing special. |
| SettingsTile.navigation | Created to indicate this tile as a navigation tile. It adds a right-located arrow for the iOS design as an example.
| SettingsTile.switchTile | Creates a switch tile. Do you want some switch? Just use this one. |

#### Now let's deal with all these parameters

| Parameter | Description |
|--|--|
| Widget leading | Adds some leading for your tile. Just like with the `ListTile`. |
| Widget trailing | Adds some trailing for your tile. Just like with the `ListTile`. |
| Widget title | The title of your tile.|
| Widget description | Additional info about this tile. Displays different ways according to the platform
| Function(BuildContext context) onPressed | More interactivity for your tiles. Just tap it.
| Color activeSwitchColor | Set the switch color for your `SettingsTile.switchTile`
| Widget value | Just like the `description` but more declarative. You can compare and choose which exactly you want to use.
| Function(bool value) onToggle | Override the on switch event in your `SettingsTile.switchTile`
| bool initialValue | Choose the initial value for your `SettingsTile.switchTile`
| bool enabled | Mark your tile as disabled. It's pretty easy!
